Mention git pre-commit hook in CONTRIBUTING.md (#7617)
crystal-lang/crystal: CONTRIBUTING.md

git push -f origin my_feature_branch
```

## Git pre-commit hook

Code submitted to this repository should be formatted according to `crystal tool format`.

> A pre-commit hook can be installed into the local git repo to ensure the formatter validates every commit: https://gist.github.com/straight-shoota/fdaf4cf1954e084cd5abccf8f77975f6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pre-commit hook can be installed into the local git repo to ensure the formatter validates every commit: https://github.com/crystal-lang/crystal/blob/master/scripts/git/pre-commit
```

Reviewer 2: Good catch :+1:
